The Fractured poems
-------------------


Fractured
http://www.kongregate.com/games/GroZZleR/fractured

I hope and pray that I will find
the child that I have left behind
for as I hear the madness gloat
a frightened scream rips from my throat
a child's love, with blind ambition
against my panicked admonition
into the heart of evil's lair
I battle on, without despair
and search and wander as I might
I see no ending to my plight
there is no point in searching more
for I'm the one he's searching for


Fractured 2
http://www.kongregate.com/games/GroZZleR/fractured-2
http://everystupidstar.deviantart.com/art/12-3-2013-Now-with-link-to-Fractured-2-418916760

I asked you once if the Sun loved the other stars.
You looked at me and shook your head.
"He doesn't have time for such things," you said.
Nodding, I turned back to the horizon.
The Sun hung low in the blushing sky.
/It's still a star and all stars die./
I shuddered at the thought, random as it was.
Darkness came and crickets chirped.
There was the familiar scuff of boots on dirt.
I turned to find that you had gone.
The Moon and fog are better company.
Though just as silent, I know what they expect of me.
Winter is a long and lonely season.
Spring comes as a sweet surprise.
Autumn is summer's swift demise.
Though, I do not understand the point.
You barely fit twenty-four hours in a day.
Why set my heart to a seasonal delay?
Home was soon an afterthought.
I counted the stars like missed chances.
And listened intently for sacred wind dances.
I paused momentarily to curse the Sun.
Too stubborn to pause and love someone.
At the end, we were no different.


Fractured 3
http://www.kongregate.com/games/GroZZleR/fractured-3

as a child my heart was filled with wonder
I yearned for the light of the sun on my face
but yearning was hopeless for the light was nowhere
there was nothing but darkness and I in this place
as a child I lived in fear of the darkness
of the day I'd no longer walk in the light
but fears can be conquered and dreams can be shattered
I'd be lost if I never faced the night
the world was crushed into tiny pieces
a broken world for a broken soul
and the fruitless search among the rubble
brought me to the piece that made me whole
the world was new and full of light
a hopeful place for two hopeful souls
and the scenes may change, our hands may wither
fate has cast us for these roles
though darkness covers most of the sky
the stars will shine until their light breaks through
and all my life, though I longed for the sun
its' light had always just cut off my view
though darkness covers most of my sky
the stars have always been waiting for me
and through the darkness, came the light
the light of the stars that set me free
